[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 2: What if you wanted
to delegate B1, for example,
to more than one object?
>> Kyle Simpson: There's
only one prototype change.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: So
bar cannot have an innate function?
>> Kyle Simpson: Bar
doesn't have a constructor.
It could have an init I had on
the previous slide, bar had an init.
But really in all truth if you
went back to the original code,
this is the only constructor
code that mattered anyway.
So in the final analysis,
I moved the init all the way up to foo.
Sorry, lots of arrows here.
I moved the init all the way up to foo
cuz that's the only place we ever cared.
So when I say B1.init, it delegates
all the way up the chain to it.
Now, the substance of your
question may have also been,
can I do this shadowing thing?
Can I have multiple objects
with the same method, and
I would suggest to you if you choose to do
shadowing you have all the same problems
with all that crappy manual
explicit polymorphism thing.
If you choose behavior delegation then you
would make these objects have unique names
for their unique tasks.
So you wouldn't call it find on two
different objects because that is not,
that's general names.
You'd call it find task and
find user, or something like that.
And, by virtue of them having
different method names,
they can easily delegate to each other.
>> Speaker 2: So,
there's no more constructors?
>> Kyle Simpson: There's
no more constructors.
If we need to do initialization tasks,
we can have functions that
do initialization tasks.
There's another thing, by the way,
kind of brings up a point.
that people sometimes point out.
They say, well you turned one line
of code in the previous thing,
into two lines of code.
Despite all the other simplification that
I did up here, people still get mad at
me that I've forced you to do two
lines of code instead of one.
My response to that is,
in the previous code, you are required
to do both your construction and
your initialization in one step.
You have no choice cuz that's
what a constructor does.
In this piece of code there
are two separate steps an they
theoretically can happen at
two totally different times.
For example, you now have the flexibility
to create all of your objects in a pool at
the beginning but
wait until later to initialize them.
And you didn't have that capability
with constructor based coding, so
I actually think it's a benefit that
they are two separate steps, but
they are in fact two separate steps.
Yeah.
Go ahead Mark.
>> Speaker 4: I was just curious,
performance characteristics,
if you have an object that has
all these methods on init,
you create loss for those objects
versus you use the prototype.
Doesn't the prototype perform better
because the prototype only has one
instance of the method versus an object,
you have potentially 100 instances of?
>> Kyle Simpson: We don't,
that's the point.
What's deceptive here, and
you just have to take my word for it,
this is the exact same mechanism and
functionality,
it will have the exact same
performance characteristics.
The only difference is that
it's less code to get there.
But there's still just one
init function on the foo.
If I created B1 through B1000,
I don't have 1000 inits.
I still just have one,
because I'm still using delegation.
The difference is,
I have a lot less code and
a lot less complexity
to get the same result.
>> Speaker 4: If we create 1,000 bars,
wouldn't you have
1,000 speak methods, or would-
>> Kyle Simpson: In that case, yeah.
But if I had 1,000 child classes of, if
I had bar one through bar 1,000 as 1,000
child classes,
I'd have 1,000 bar prototypes.
So, yes.
In that case, I would.
But the real question is usually,
what if I have a thousand instances.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah, so if you have
a thousand instances of, that's holding
state for a thousand different objects,
you would want their methods to be
from another object that it was linked to.
>> Kyle Simpson: That 's usually
the design pattern is that your methods
are on, your methods are delegated to, but
your end leaf nodes
are the ones that hold states.
Your B1 through B1000 would have
just your me properties on it.
>> Speaker 4: So
then you'd only have one instance for
one method for-
>> Kyle Simpson: Generally that's how you
would do it.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah, yeah.
That's cool.
>> Kyle Simpson: So everything that
you're currently doing right now,
where you're dot prototypes and your
constructors or maybe you're using one of
those user lend libraries, I'm not
suggesting that you would lose capability.
I'm suggesting that you can think about
the design pattern differently and
you can have simpler code.
But we haven't lost anything
from the previous slides.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: I have a couple questions
coming in here.
Oliver K asks, are there real
world examples of this Oloo style?
>> Kyle Simpson: Oloo is
something I invented recently.
So there aren't a lot of great,
there aren't a lot of other examples.
I'm still out there trying to convince
people, stop trying to do classes.
I got plenty of code that I use Oloo style
in, but it's still something that 99.9999%
of the JavaScript community
still does things with classes.
And what I'm hoping to do is evangelize
the concept that there's this other,
better way of doing things.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, another one.
Well, Oscar P's asking if you can
please explain Object.create.
I probably could do that myself.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes,
I will show you the Object.create,
because every magician has
a way that they do the trick.
I will show you Object.create
in just a second.
>> Speaker 5: Can you quickly summarize
what the main push back you get when you
push this to people who come
in to the class velocity?
Is there a common, but this the kind of-
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah yeah.
>> Speaker 5: the main contention point?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
that's a great question.
So I expound amazingly long detail and
length in the book,
and I recommend reading the this and
objects prototype book.
Chapters four, five, and six of that book
are all about what we've just discussed,
and I lay out the full case, but the
primary push back that people give me is,
but classes are how we've
been taught to design things.
Everybody has this mind set
that class design pattern
is the only way to
properly design software.
And what I'm pushing back on and
saying, class design is an option, and
here's this other option
called delegation.
And given the choice between the two,
delegation is the one that goes with
the flow of how JavaScript actually works,
and class orientation is the one that
goes opposite to the flow, and you have
to do a lot of work to make it work.
So, it's just a different design pattern,
but
the primary push back I get
from people is, but, no.
There's certain problems that
require classes, and I say, no.
There's a really interesting
paper that I just recently read.
I'll try to maybe find it and put the link
in the chat I'm sure I tweeted about it,
but it talks about, if you actually go
back and look at the way the real world
works this whole concept of classification
is actually somewhat unnatural,
because classifications don't really work.
And delegation, this prototype mechanism
is actually a lot more of a natural thing.
But we've spent all our careers being
told that classes are the way to design
proper software.
So that's the biggest push back is people
don't want to change their thinking.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right so,
we have this b1 bar and
foo and I promised you simpler code.
Hopefully you can see ostensibly that
there's a lot less complexity to
what we're managing in the code.
But that's not the only story, so I want
to go back to the old and busted form.
This was with the B1 and B2s in it.
This is the old and busted form and
remember the old and busted diagram.
Here's the new hotness.
This is Oloo style code, and
here's the big money shot,
the payoff, because here's the new mental
model that you need to keep in mind.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's it,
cuz all we care about is the objects and
their relationships to each other.
We don't care about constructors,
we don't care about these
indirect creations of things.
We just directly create the objects and
directly create the relationships.
That's all we ever cared about anyway.
>> Kyle Simpson: So any good magician
doesn't wanna tell you how he
does his trick.
How does Object.create work?
This is the polyfill for
object create in pre es five.
Look at that.
We've got functions and
prototypes and new constructors.
We took all of that crap out of our code
and hid it inside of a nice clean utility.
>> Kyle Simpson: I've got some links up
here discussing other sort of issues.
The second link in particular talks
about reflection, if you've ever
dealt with reflection on classes and their
relationships to each other, it compares
class oriented reflection mechanisms in
JavaScript to Oloo style reflections so
you can take a look at some of those.